==About

This was my final project for my 12 week "Rails Engineering" course at The Iron Yard - "Bling Karma".
I created Bling karma to share my love of bling, glitter and sparkle with the rest of the world and to
offer a platform to purchase exclusive and exotic jewelry at a reasonable rate.
Bling Karma is a full fledged ordering system. Users can add to shopping cart and checkout using STRIPE as a payment gateway.
I have also custom handcrafted an admin role. Admins can do inventory mangements, report generation in the form of charts and also order
status management. Once the order is paid for, the admin can ship it; customers will get a text notification once their order is shipped.
Customers can also share their reviews of the product as well as their shopping experience with the review 
and rating system provided by Bling Karma.




==Technologies Incorporated

* Ruby/Rails

* Javascript

* AJAX

* jQuery

* Twilio API

* Stripe API

* Highcharts API

* Twitter Bootstrap

* HMTL/CSS

* Authentication with Devise

* Custom handcrafted authorization for admin role.

* Full text search (pg search) with autocomplete using typeahead.js


==Installation

* Install Ruby V2.1.2

* Git clone this app into new directory

* 'Bundle install' to get all gems installed

* I am using Postgresql for all my database needs

* 'rake db:create' to get database created

* 'rake db:migrate' to get database migrated with all the neccessary tables and columns

* 'rake db:seed' to prepopulate your DB with some data

* Start rails server

* Direct your browser to localhost:3000 (or which ever port you assign your rails server to)

* Have Fun! I love hearing what others think about what I built. Do let me know!
